fixed broken links (#263)
mixxxdj/manual: source/chapters/library.rst

On Linux, :file:`AAC` playback is disabled by default due to licensing restrictions.
To enable the playback of :file:`AAC` files,

> `build Mixxx from source with m4a/AAC files support <https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/compiling%20on%20linux#optional-build-with-m4aaac-file-support>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`build Mixxx from source with m4a/AAC files support <https://github.com/mixxxdj/mixxx/wiki/Compiling-On-Linux#user-content-optional-build-with-m4aaac-file-support>`_.
```

Without this, the sphinx link checker still thinks the link is broken.
